Edit Products and SKUs guides (#280)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/catalog-integration/skus.md

updatedAt: "2022-02-04T21:26:33.803Z"
---

A [Stock Keeping Unit (SKU)](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/catalog-101--5AF0XfnjfWeopIFBgs3LIQ/3mJbIqMlz6oKDmyZ2bKJoA#) corresponds to the actual item in the inventory that customers can purchase, which means it is equivalent to a product variation at VTEX, such as a _long sleeve gray size S shirt_.

Once you have created a product, it is time to submit its respective SKUs.

## Creating an SKU

To create a new SKU, use the [Create SKU endpoint](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#post-/api/catalog/pvt/stockkeepingunit).

Follow these instructions when creating the request body:

> * During SKU creation, don't set `IsActive` as `true`. If you send the request to activate the SKU when creating it, you will receive a `400 Bad Request` error. The value to `IsActive` must always be `false` when sending that request for activation to occur afterwards, as explained in [Activating an SKU](#activating-an-sku).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* During SKU creation, do not set `IsActive` as `true`. If you send the request to activate the SKU when creating it, you will receive a `400 Bad Request` error. The value to `IsActive` must always be `false` when sending that request for activation to occur afterward, as explained in [Activating an SKU](#activating-an-sku).
```
